BRC 2023 amendments (#5)
WPI-LNL/bylaws-and-regulations: Bylaws_and_Regulations_of_WPI_Lens_and_Lights.tex

\chapter{Officers}

> The officers of the Club will be the President, Vice President, Technical
> Director, Head Projectionist, Treasurer, Secretary, and Webmaster. The Executive Board is comprised of these officers and the Advisor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The officers of the Club will be the President, Vice President, Technical Director, Head Projectionist, Treasurer, Secretary, and Webmaster. The Executive Board is comprised of these officers and the Advisor.
```

\section{Duties of Officers}

\begin{enumerate}

\item The President is the primary representative of the Club and is responsible for smooth overall operation of the Club.

> \item The Vice President assists the President with duties as assigned and
>     serves as the liaison between the Club and any person(s) and/or organization(s) sponsoring an event. The Vice President is responsible for receiving and processing all work orders and for the organization and operation of work parties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item The Vice President assists the President with duties as assigned and serves as the liaison between the Club and any person(s) and/or organization(s) sponsoring an event. The Vice President is responsible for receiving and processing all work orders and for the organization and operation of work parties.
```

\item Any eligible member, as defined in \cref{sec:eligibilityforoffice}, may be nominated to any office. All nominations must be seconded by another member. The nominee will then be given a chance to accept or decline their nomination. In order to run for a position, a candidate must have accepted their nomination prior to the start of voting. Absentee nominations, in the form of a written list of names, will be accepted by the President any time between the notice of nominations and the end of the nomination meeting.
\item At the meeting prior to nominations (the first business meeting of C term)  a motion can be brought forward to split the election into two meetings.
\item At the first election meeting, before any candidate has begun speaking, the quorum may vote to reopen nominations.

> \item Officers will be elected in the following order: President, Vice
>     President, Technical Director, Head Projectionist, Treasurer, Secretary, Webmaster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item Officers will be elected in the following order: President, Vice President, Technical Director, Head Projectionist, Treasurer, Secretary, Webmaster.
```

\item Voting will be done by secret ballot. Each ballot should be in the form of the name of a candidate or the word abstain; any other text will count as a vote of no confidence.
\item \label{itm:votecounters} Votes will be counted by the tellers, who are either the Club’s Advisor, the Advisor’s designees, or two alumni members appointed by the Executive Board.

> \item Absentee ballots will be accepted in the form of written communication containing an ordered list of names, abstain, or no confidence in descending preference, for each office. This written communication should be submitted to the person(s) counting votes in accordance with \cref{itm:votecounters} of this section. Absentee ballots for a given office must be received prior to the end of voting for that position. Absentee ballots will only be counted if the member submitting them is not currently present at the meeting. Absentee ballots shall not count towards quorum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item Absentee ballots will be accepted in the form of written communication containing an ordered list of names, abstain, or no confidence in descending preference, for each office. This written communication should be submitted to the person(s) counting votes in accordance with \cref{itm:votecounters} of this section. Absentee ballots for a given office must be received prior to the start of vote counting for that position. Absentee ballots will only be counted if the member submitting them is not currently present at the meeting. Absentee ballots shall not count towards quorum.
```

\item At the meeting prior to nominations (the first business meeting of C term)  a motion can be brought forward to split the election into two meetings.
\item At the first election meeting, before any candidate has begun speaking, the quorum may vote to reopen nominations.
\item Officers will be elected in the following order: President, Vice
    President, Technical Director, Head Projectionist, Treasurer, Secretary, Webmaster.
\item Voting will be done by secret ballot. Each ballot should be in the form of the name of a candidate or the word abstain; any other text will count as a vote of no confidence.
\item \label{itm:votecounters} Votes will be counted by the tellers, who are either the Club’s Advisor, the Advisor’s designees, or two alumni members appointed by the Executive Board.

> \item Absentee ballots will be accepted in the form of written communication
>     containing an ordered list of names, abstain, or no confidence in descending
>     preference, for each office. This written communication should be submitted
>     to the person(s) counting votes in accordance with \cref{itm:votecounters}
>     of this section. Absentee ballots for a given office must be received prior
>     to the start of vote counting for that position. Absentee ballots will only
>     be counted if the member submitting them is not currently present at the
>     meeting. Absentee ballots shall not count towards quorum. \item The first
>     nominee to get greater than 50 percent of non-abstaining votes cast for an
>     office will be elected to that office.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item Absentee ballots will be accepted in the form of written communication containing an ordered list of names, abstain, or no confidence in descending preference, for each office. This written communication should be submitted to the person(s) counting votes in accordance with \cref{itm:votecounters} of this section. Absentee ballots for a given office must be received prior to the start of vote counting for that position. Absentee ballots will only be counted if the member submitting them is not currently present at the meeting. Absentee ballots shall not count towards quorum. 
\item The first nominee to get greater than 50 percent of non-abstaining votes cast for an office will be elected to that office.
```

\item Under normal circumstances, Crew Chiefs should be assigned to an event during a business meeting between one and two weeks before the event. Crew Chiefs should only be assigned outside of a business meeting when the event was advertised in a business meeting and nobody volunteered or in exceptional circumstances.
\item When assigning Crew Chiefs for events, Active Members who are not Officers will have priority over Officers. Active Members, including Officers, will have priority over Away Members and Alumni Members.
\item The crew chief is responsible for the work party, the equipment being used, the safety of all parties, and the professional completion of the task.

> \item An officer will not interfere with a crew chief's operation at an event
>     unless the crew chief is not fulfilling their responsibilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item An officer will not interfere with a crew chief's operation at an event unless the crew chief is not fulfilling their responsibilities.
```

\item Under normal circumstances, Crew Chiefs should be assigned to an event during a business meeting between one and two weeks before the event. Crew Chiefs should only be assigned outside of a business meeting when the event was advertised in a business meeting and nobody volunteered or in exceptional circumstances.
\item When assigning Crew Chiefs for events, Active Members who are not Officers will have priority over Officers. Active Members, including Officers, will have priority over Away Members and Alumni Members.
\item The crew chief is responsible for the work party, the equipment being used, the safety of all parties, and the professional completion of the task.

> \item An officer will not interfere with a crew chief's operation at an event
>     unless the crew chief is not fulfilling their responsibilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item An officer will not interfere with a crew chief's operation at an event unless the crew chief is not fulfilling their responsibilities.
```

\item All work on Club equipment is to be documented in a manner such that it will be available to the entire Executive Board.
\item Misrepresentation of the Lens and Lights Club by a member may result in disciplinary action by the Executive Board.
\item The Technical Director shall inspect the Alden hang points each term.

> \item No member shall begin an Independent Study Project related to the club without first consulting the Executive Board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

\end{enumerate}

\chapter{W1LNL Callsign Usage Policy}
Lens and Lights owns an amateur radio callsign, W1LNL. Use of this callsign is restricted to Active and Alumni members, with permission from the Repeater Manager.

The W1LNL callsign may only be used for the following uses:
\begin{itemize}
\item Contests
\item Awards
\item Special Events
\item DX
\item Additional events or usages at the discretion of the Repeater Manager
\end{itemize}

> Note that the W1LNL callsign may not be used for general chat or ragchewing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the W1LNL callsign may not be used for general chat.
```

> The W1LNL callsign does not confer any additional privileges beyond your amateur license. You may not use the W1LNL callsign to operate outside of your license privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The W1LNL callsign does not confer any additional privileges beyond any member's amateur license. Members may not use the W1LNL callsign to operate outside of their license privileges.
```

> Use of the W1LNL callsign is subject to the approval of the Repeater Manager. Members wishing to make use of the callsign should contact the Repeater Manager in advance of their planned usage. Authorization can be revoked at any time by the Repeater Manager or the Executive Board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use of the W1LNL callsign is subject to the approval of the Repeater Manager or the Executive Board. Members wishing to make use of the callsign should contact the Repeater Manager or the Executive Board in advance of their planned usage. Authorization can be revoked at any time by the Repeater Manager or the Executive Board.
```

\end{enumerate}

\chapter{W1LNL Callsign Usage Policy}
Lens and Lights owns an amateur radio callsign, W1LNL. Use of this callsign is
restricted to Active and Alumni members, with permission from the Repeater
Manager or the Executive Board.

The W1LNL callsign may only be used for the following uses:
\begin{itemize}
\item Contests
\item Awards
\item Special Events
\item DX

> \item Additional events or usages at the discretion of the Repeater Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item Additional events or usages at the discretion of the Repeater Manager or Executive Board.
```

\subsubsection{Passed Practical Projectionists}
Any projectionist who successfully completes a ``practical'' to the satisfaction of the current Head Projectionist shall receive this access level. The expiration date shall not be defined.

\subsection{Discretion of Executive Board}
\begin{enumerate}
    \item Card access is given to members of the club at the discretion of the
        Executive Board and likewise, the Executive Board can revoke any card
        access within its purview. Should a member be found to be misusing their
        access, the Executive Board shall review their access accordingly.
    \item The President shall be responsible for Club card access, both the
        users on all Club-managed card access levels and the access provided by
        all levels. The President shall also be responsible for communicating
        and changes with Campus Card Access in a timely manner
    \item The Facilities Liaison can assist the President with card access

>         management and communications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item Card access is a privilege granted to members of the club. The Executive Board can revoke any card access within its purview. Should a member be found to be misusing their access, the Executive Board shall review their access accordingly.
    \item The President shall be responsible for working with relevant campus departments to maintain card access and communicating any changes in a timely manner.
    \item The Facilities Liaison can assist the President with card access management and communications.
```
